NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS      AGE
pod/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0             28m
pod/prometheus-grafana-764b684fc6-z9mdj                      3/3     Running   0             29m
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-8655bd94dc-bftv2     1/1     Running   0             29m
pod/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-898dd9b88-rfqbd            1/1     Running   0             29m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   5 (37s ago)   28m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-m8cbs                1/1     Running   4 (44s ago)   29m

NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                     ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   28m
service/prometheus-grafana                        NodePort    10.107.226.42    <none>        80:31299/TCP                 29m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP   10.106.29.49     <none>        9093/TCP,8080/TCP            29m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator       ClusterIP   10.109.197.249   <none>        443/TCP                      29m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus     ClusterIP   10.107.115.23    <none>        9090/TCP,8080/TCP            29m
service/prometheus-kube-state-metrics             ClusterIP   10.109.84.219    <none>        8080/TCP                     29m
service/prometheus-operated                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     28m
service/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter       ClusterIP   10.108.70.147    <none>        9100/TCP                     29m

NAME                                                 DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   29m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/prometheus-grafana                    1/1     1            1           29m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator   1/1     1            1           29m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics         1/1     1            1           29m

NAME                                                             DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/prometheus-grafana-764b684fc6                    1         1         1       29m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-8655bd94dc   1         1         1       29m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-898dd9b88          1         1         1       29m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   1/1     28m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus       1/1     28m
